{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh11900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Katie Colford\
Student of architecture at Yale, asking questions and exploring potential answers through design, research, and writing.\
\
01\'97 How might decay offer something productive (not destructive!) for architecture?\

\f1\b \cf2 Design / Decay
\f0\b0 . TEXT.\

\f1\b \cf3 See / Sea Changes
\f0\b0 . Through its own decomposition, a flooded waterfront building could regenerate a salt marsh ecosystem.\

\f1\b Unearthing / Attending
\f0\b0 . Architectural design, considered at multiple \'93tempos\'94 and scales, can be used to amplify care infrastructure in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, by redirecting the focus of design towards health, safety, and welfare. Project with Audrey Tseng Fischer.\cf2 \
\
\cf3 02\'97 What about growth? How can architecture use plant matter for climatic and spatial design?\

\f1\b Three Landscapes
\f0\b0 . By offsetting the southern facade with a vertical mesh \'93garden,\'94 the project generates a diverse microbiome on its site in New Haven, Connecticut and acts as a set of changing landscapes rather than a fixed building mass.\
\
03\'97 Where is the boundary between nature and artifice?\

\f1\b As You Keep It
\f0\b0 . Through a close reading of the pastoral play As You Like It, I suggest that for Shakespeare, a passive nature may never be \'93natural,\'94 but it can be an active participant in human life. \

\f1\b Entropy\
Plastic
\f0\b0 \
\
04\'97 How do we define spatial boundaries in the first place? What separates inside and outside?\

\f1\b Building Project\
Chair\
Tracing the Interior\

\f0\b0 \
05\'97 How can a found image or condition be translated into space?\

\f1\b Creatures\
Projection\
Gatehouse (undergrad)\

\f0\b0 \
06\'97 How should we talk about architecture? What\'92s important, what\'92s interesting, what\'92s funny? \

\f1\b Essential. 
\f0\b0 Paprika! Volume 6, Issue 6. This issue takes up the saliency of the term "essential" during the COVID-19 pandemic and questions the politics of value that "essential" implies for the discipline of architecture.
\f1\b \
Just Architecture. 
\f0\b0 Paprika! Volume 6, Issue 11. This issue seeks to problematize the typical divide between form and politics and instead consider how architecture may be 
\f2\i just
\f0\i0 \'97ethical, truthful\'97but also just 
\f2\i architecture
\f0\i0 \'97form, theory, representation\'97all at once.
\f1\b \
Humor writing. 
\f0\b0 "A joke is a very serious thing," said Winston Churchill. I agree, and I'm trying to convince other architects.
\f1\b \
}